cloud: replace beta with preview (#23233)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/releases/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md

        For more information, see [Integrate TiDB Cloud with Datadog](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/monitor-datadog-integration-for-tidb-x/?plan=premium).

**Console changes**

> - Standardize the label used in the [[TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/)](https://tidbcloud.com/) for public preview features as `PREVIEW`, replacing the previous mixed use of `BETA` and `PREVIEW`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Standardize the label used in the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/) for public preview features as `PREVIEW`, replacing the previous mixed use of `BETA` and `PREVIEW`.
```

        For more information, see [Integrate TiDB Cloud with Datadog](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/monitor-datadog-integration-for-tidb-x/?plan=premium).

**Console changes**

- Standardize the label used in the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/) for public preview features to `PREVIEW`.

>     Previously, some public preview features were labeled as `BETA` or `PREVIEW`. Now, all public preview features use the `PREVIEW` label.

Author: ```suggestion
- Standardize the label used in the [[TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/)](https://tidbcloud.com/) for public preview features as `PREVIEW`, replacing the previous mixed use of `BETA` and `PREVIEW`.
```
